Tweaks to user orientaton on the getting started + edit of new(ish) trouble shooting (#666)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/projects/blank/overview.md

# Blank Starter Project

> We recommend you get going by following the [Get started]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/get-started) guide. It's a step-by-step set up guide which uses the FPS Starter Project and leads on to a tutorial on how to add your first feature. However, the Blank Starter Project is a great starting point to working on the SpatialOS GDK for Unity if you want to start with an empty project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you get going by following the [Get started]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/get-started) guide. It's a step-by-step setup guide which uses the FPS Starter Project and leads on to a tutorial on how to add your first feature. However, the Blank Starter Project is a great starting point for working on the SpatialOS GDK for Unity if you want to start with an empty project.
```

You can find the [Blank Starter Project on Github](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity-blank-project).

## What does it come with?

It has the minimum GDK feature set you need to start developing games for SpatialOS:

- A Unity project already set up with the SpatialOS GDK for Unity.
- Sample [local and cloud deployment]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#deploying) configurations.
- An empty [snapshot]({{urlRoot}}/content/snapshots#snapshots).
- [Client-worker and server-worker]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#worker) JSON [configuration files (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/bridge-config#worker-attribute-sets).
- Client-worker and server-worker [worker connectors]({{urlRoot}}/content/gameobject/creating-workers-with-workerconnector and [worker prefabs]({{urlRoot}}/content/gameobject/creating-workers-with-workerconnector#how-to-use-worker-prefabs).
- [Worker build configuration]({{urlRoot}}/content/build#build-your-workers).
- A set of Unity Scenes to use in development.

> > **Note:** Whichever route to getting started you chose, you need basic proficiency in [programming in Unity (Unity documentation)](https://unity3d.com/programming-in-unity), version control systems (such as [Git (github.io)](https://try.github.io/)), and [command line interfaces (djangogirls.org)](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/intro_to_command_line/) to use the SpatialOS GDK for Unity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Whichever route you choose, you need basic proficiency in [programming in Unity (Unity documentation)](https://unity3d.com/programming-in-unity), version control systems (such as [Git (github.io)](https://try.github.io/)), and [command line interfaces (djangogirls.org)](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/intro_to_command_line/) to use the SpatialOS GDK for Unity.
```
